Haaa....haaa...Oh! Okay, so
Um...Do you know what the first period is called?
Haaa...Haaaa
Race it. Ace it.
Racist? Did you say racist? No, it's haste.
H-E-I haaa haaa
S-H
H-E-I-S-E-I
The next one is R.Re.. Rewalk.
Rewalk...yeah yeah
You can start. You can start. Uh? What do they mean?
Uh...I know Heisei means kiss
Showah means...
It's like great righteousness. I don't know what righteousness
Yeah...What's Taisho?
I dont know man
Ok. Ok. What is it?
A plus?
Why it's not even done?
You don't have friends in there? You don't have friends in there?
Wait, so I'm just...
Is it a rain city? Is it a rain city?
What?
She put us in the rain seats.
Dude, it's because of the freaking Indians. They're always being rude.
(***)
Afraid
Is this Lawrence?
Oh come on
Uhh? That's not even on the exam
Huh, what does Big Fan nerds?
Ok. In math?
Wait but last year Hernandez was like
You can't talk about other periods. You have to be talking about math only.
Oh!
About Math?
Wait, so (***) I hate genius
Woah, she says it right in the entire class. To the entire class?
Its ok. Why why that Big Fan Nerds?
because there's only like four who took it last year.
Only four people who took like AP Calculus.
We are done. Ok.
Do you do? Do they study AP Macro? AP Macro?
Macro economics too.
Yeah!
Oh you'll find out.
Yeah, wait cuz they'll be like oh
Whoever is doing this AP exam come with me like during another AP exam
And you all know who's like being weird, being nerds.
Yeah, like if it's
Exam right after they'll be like, oh
Just stay in the gym guys, and they'll list out all the names.
Then umm
What else?
How good (***)
Ok ok
Ok.